Updated documentation (#4)
DiscordHooks/gitlab-ci-discord-webhook: README.md

    this repository to show your love.

### Note

> - If within your gitlab CI Code, you have a pause within the script code, this notiction yml code will still run, to fix this, we need to add allow_failure: false, this will mean the job will not run unless told to(see screenshot)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you pause the GitLab CI build, `after_success` still gets triggered resulting in this webhook notification being fired. To work around this, we need to add `allow_failure: false` to the config (see screenshot).
```
Rephrased the sentence.

Reviewer: > (see screenshot)

Did you forget to add the screenshot?

Author: Screenshot not needed, as it will be different per CI setup.

Reviewer: Then why is `(see screenshot)` added?
